Oh
oh yeah that was Jeff's racing with like
the biggest 5050 that I've seen in a
long time of course I'm excited about
the trick but I'm just excited that I
know the dude like I've met him I
high-fived him but yeah that was amazing
skateboarding even decide from the
insane 5050 and that is over on Play
factories channel my buddy Pat runs his
channel with a lot of talented music and
skate dudes they all contribute to
content whatnot but a past master on my
behind it and apparently he just knows
people didn't really know how to
skateboard he's actually pretty good at
skateboarding himself too it's just like
an all-around awesome situation but he
has an awesome attitudes for
skateboarding and he actually gave me a
couple decks one of them being right
here to give away here on YouTube and
got an upside down what kind of idiot am
I look at this deck it's an eight inch
and if you want to win it you're going
to head over to play factories channel
it was right down there and then the
screens about change would be the bottom
link just subscribe to their channel and
then find my guy James Webber's video
parts it's one of the more recent videos
on our channel and leave one comment if
you do more than one you're disqualified
but just leave one comment telling me
why James is awesome or what no no no
we'll do this K tell me what you think
James head for lunch today because
that's an ongoing theme I guess if
you're younger than 18 make sure your
parents that you're doing this but yeah
i'll pick it winner in about a week and
get on it people go to play factory
subscribe go to James Weber's part and
leave one comment on what you think
James ate for lunch that day and make it
funny make it serious I don't know just
make it oh yeah and I'll contact the
winner on YouTube and then I will
announce the winner on my facebook which
is in the info to and which I've done
I'm really done I'm so done right now